Get out of here.
Victor is paying the police.
We can't let him get away with this.
Okay, I find a way to get Caroline out of there.
Caroline's been arrested. She needs your help.
Let's meet up at the end.
Victor's definitely trying to pin everything on Caroline.
What we need to do is gather all the evidence we can to prove Caroline's innocence and defend her in court.
And the problem is, Victor doesn't leave a trace.
Every crime leaves a trace, and Victor won't be an exception.
Do you know the relationship between Robert and Caroline?
I've been friends for years, but what's that got to do with proving Caroline's innocence?
Well, when Elena framed Caroline for the problematic evaluation report, they were dealing with an executive named Peter.
What do you want me to do?
Well, at the time, he and Elena had a good relationship.
Perhaps he could be the breakthrough.
I'll call Robert and set up a meeting with you too.